you said something earlier about talking
about few of the new products yeah yeah
you were talking about raw and uncut I
think that perfectly sums up the product
we're about to talk about right here all
right cool so the thing I want to speak
about first is the Kentucky fire cured
brand you guys know that my heart is in
this product 100% it's spending a lot of
time in Kentucky basically I've been in
Kentucky non-stop and even Nashville
heading out there as well listening to
people talking but also spending a lot
of time in Hopkinsville so I want
everybody who's able to to come to
Kentucky the Hopkinsville us town it's a
city town that's where most of the
smoking of the Kentucky tobacco takes
place or a fair portion of it anyway and
we're going to do a big project called
the Kentucky fire barn smoker it's
September 19th four to seven pm in
Hopkinsville Kentucky now we're gonna
teach everybody how to smoke tobacco and
what it really means to have a tobacco
that's been smoked but you know we're
not using heat to cure the tobacco
you're using smoke it's really is very
similar to process to smoking a snake in
your backyard or smoking heat for Scotch
and we want to illustrate that so
everybody's invited it's 20 bucks a head
20 dollars of the 20 goes to cigars for
warriors who will be there with us so
it's gonna be a really excellent event
September 19th and you you'll find out
about we're gonna blast through it's a
me man I put a link in the description
below so check it out right so some of
the things we're gonna be showing off at
this year's IP cpr show right here is
this is a new size and the kentucky fire
cure it's called the ham hock it's about
a 4 by 56 and it's a fat little stubby
that's just got a lot of a lot of a lot
of depth to it the guys in nicaragua
love it the guys in the miami are loving
it so we're bringing it out nationally
right now so that takes care of that the
ham hock
then this one offs are really in love
which is a peculiar size this is called
the Kyoto and the Kyoto is a five and a
half by 34 so as you can see that Kyoto
size is very interesting it's a cigar
weenie size cigar that's really it's
it's got that lancero it's got that
corona of gorta mór Corona Extra it's
got that unusual feel to but it's it's a
really it's not a six by sixty guy whose
ghost look that's it's different product
then we have this year we're bringing
out the Flying Pig for Kentucky fire
code it'll look a little bit different
than this is still prototype box so
holding it up like that
the kentucky fire code flying pig is
missing some of the packaging the flag
will be blue and red and white I mean
the package is going to look really hot
right now we're focused on the cigar in
about a month or so start focusing more
on the box and we'll have the box ready
but these are going to be nice you know
it's going to give you that pig goodness
then
this is something that's causing a lot
of controversy here at the show within
our own company because we're really not
supposed to have shown this right now so
we're not selling it but i'ma show to
you guys sneak peek
Kentucky fire cured using some very
special tobacco's from the Parikh area
and if you know about two Perique
tobacco you know that it's not just
about where the tobacco is from but it's
the way the Perique tobacco is cured the
way that the Perique tobacco is
developed that process that fermentation
process that's what makes something
Parikh so we're using tobacco for this
product that is it's got the second part
of the Parikh process right but it's not
Parikh seed it's not tobacco for
necessarily from st. James Parish it's
fire pure tobacco that afterwards we do
a Parikh process on the tobacco so this
tobacco this cigar is going to come out
a little bit later on it's going to come
out into just the friend size fat Molly
size and then in the little guy in the
chunky chunky yet so that's something to
keep your eye on and you know every time
I got to say cigars for warriors right
here with us in the booth and I'm really
proud of these guys so I try mention it
in every video that I do in every you
know event that I go to let's do it
right let's do it together JD come on
let's have some fun thank you for the
interview
bro man thank you guys for watching as
always Jonathan drew luan hashtag de IBC
PR drew stay calm /i vcpr let's do it
see you